Add SecNumCloud to list of regions (#875)
Scalingo/documentation: _posts/platform/internals/2000-01-01-regions.md

| Name  | Code name | Provider | API endpoint | Dashboard |
| ------------- | ------------- | ------------- | ------------- |
| 3DS Outscale Paris  | osc-fr1  | [3DS Outscale](https://outscale.com/) | [link](https://api.osc-fr1.scalingo.com) | [link](https://my.osc-fr1.scalingo.com) |
| 3DS Outscale Paris SecNumCloud  | osc-secnum-fr1  | [3DS Outscale](https://outscale.com/) | [link](https://api.osc-secnum-fr1.scalingo.com) | [link](https://my.osc-secnum-fr1.scalingo.com) |
| Agora Calycé Paris  | agora-fr1  | [Agora Calycé](https://www.agoracalyce.com) | [link](https://api.agora-fr1.scalingo.com) | [link](https://my.agora-fr1.scalingo.com) |
{: .table }

{% note %}

> Note that the 3DS Outscale Paris SecNumCloud region is available upon request on

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the osc-secnum-fr1 region is available upon request on
```
